README.md, before:

# VanillaChristmasExpanded

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/buuPQel.png)

Update of Oskar Potocki and Kikohis mod
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1944229762
with their approval.

- French translation added, thanks qux!
- Added support for https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2574489704]Simple FX: Smoke

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/pufA0kM.png)

	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Z4GOv8H.png)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/p7Fv1Z6.gif)

https://www.patreon.com/oskarpotocki]![Image](https://i.imgur.com/m7knAau.png)


Vanilla Christmas Expanded is what could easily be described as a temporary, festive mini-mod. Celebrate Christmas on the Rim, add some colour to your colonies and await Christmas presents!

This mod adds several new mechanics to the game, most notably a Christmas tree, being a 1x1 structure, enhancing the beauty of every room and allowing for a new event to occur - Presents!
New structure - a fireplace, as well as a whole lot of eggnog are there to allow you to have a truly festive period.

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Al3cdR3.png)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/NYr28zC.png)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/5Bs6gcu.png)


# Legal stuff


Graphics are created by Oskar Potocki.
Code work created by Kikohi.

Rimworld is owned by Tynan Sylvester.

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/](CC BY-NC-ND 4.0)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/PwoNOj4.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.




https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2310043014]Last updated 2023-01-07

Commit message:

Mod updated for 1.5 and passed autotests

README.md, after:

# VanillaChristmasExpanded

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/buuPQel.png)

Update of Oskar Potocki and Kikohis mod
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1944229762
with their approval.

- French translation added, thanks qux!
- Added support for https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2574489704]Simple FX: Smoke
- Added option for disabling gift-drops

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/pufA0kM.png)

	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Z4GOv8H.png)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/p7Fv1Z6.gif)

https://www.patreon.com/oskarpotocki]![Image](https://i.imgur.com/m7knAau.png)


Vanilla Christmas Expanded is what could easily be described as a temporary, festive mini-mod. Celebrate Christmas on the Rim, add some colour to your colonies and await Christmas presents!

This mod adds several new mechanics to the game, most notably a Christmas tree, being a 1x1 structure, enhancing the beauty of every room and allowing for a new event to occur - Presents!
New structure - a fireplace, as well as a whole lot of eggnog are there to allow you to have a truly festive period.

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Al3cdR3.png)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/NYr28zC.png)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/5Bs6gcu.png)


# Legal stuff


Graphics are created by Oskar Potocki.
Code work created by Kikohi.

Rimworld is owned by Tynan Sylvester.

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/](CC BY-NC-ND 4.0)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/PwoNOj4.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib or the standalone https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2873415404]Uploader and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.
-  Use https://github.com/RimSort/RimSort/releases/latest]RimSort to sort your mods



https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2310043014]![Image](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/emipa606/VanillaChristmasExpanded?label=latest%20version&style=plastic&color=9f1111&labelColor=black)
